Look at Gaming #83 | Wednesday October 26th 2022 


🔦 Spotlight 🌟
A look at SKAdNetwork 4.0 and what it means for mobile advertising by @eric_seufert
https://mobiledevmemo.com/skadnetwork-4-0-is-live-what-does-that-mean-for-mobile-advertising/


🌊 MARKET ☎️
A look at Meta's metaverse losses at $9.3B for 2022
https://www.theblock.co/post/180126/metas-metaverse-losses-top-9-4-billion-for-the-year

A look at Capcom H1 2022 fall sharply.  Revenue $340M (down 30% YoY)
https://www.gamesindustry.biz/capcom-first-half-down-sharply-on-tough-comparison

A look at Stillfront Group reporting Q3 revenue boom of $163M
https://www.pocketgamer.biz/news/80019/stillfront-group-saw-a-q3-revenue-boom-despite-falling-profits/

A look at China's gaming market decreasing 19.1% QoQ.  Valued at $8.2B 
https://www.pocketgamer.biz/asia/news/80013/chinas-gaming-market-decreases-191-quarter-on-quarter/

A look at Alphabet Q3 earning.  Rev $54B.  YouTube ad rev decline for the first time
https://mobiledevmemo.com/alphabet-q3-2022-earnings-youtubes-ad-revenue-declined-for-the-first-time/


💎 Deep Dives 🔎 
A look at Steam's regional pricing changes
https://newsletter.gamediscover.co/p/steams-regional-pricing-changes-a

A look at Konami, Silent Hill, and Lessons from Resident Evil by @naavik_co
https://naavik.co/digest/konami-silent-hill-lessons-resident-evil

A look at a Study that shows playing video games benefiting kids' brain
https://www.axios.com/2022/10/26/video-games-kids-brains

A look at SKAdNetwork 4.0 and what it means for mobile advertising by @eric_seufert
https://mobiledevmemo.com/skadnetwork-4-0-is-live-what-does-that-mean-for-mobile-advertising/


🌈 Platforms 🏔 
A look at Disney's No limits on IP for indie developers
https://www.gamesindustry.biz/disney-no-ip-is-off-limits-to-indie-developers

A look at Amazon + Besthesda teasing Fallout TV show
https://www.theverge.com/2022/10/26/23424649/fallout-tv-series-amazon-prime-video-bethesda-first-tease-look

A look at Reigns and Narcos leading Netflix's November games slate
https://mobilegamer.biz/reigns-and-narcos-lead-netflixs-november-games-slate/


✨ Web 3️⃣ + Meta 🌎
A look at the future of the Metaverse with Phil Spencer (Microsoft's CEO of gaming)
https://www.theverge.com/2022/10/26/23425128/xbox-phil-spencer-metaverse-poorly-built-video-game-microsoft

A look at Mythical Games bringing NFT car ownership to Nitro Nation
https://venturebeat.com/games/mythical-games-brings-nft-car-ownership-to-nitro-nation/

A look at Blur becoming largest NFT aggregator
https://www.theblockresearch.com/rapid-insights-blur-becomes-largest-nft-aggregator-180025

A look at Dean Takahashi's metaverse monologue @deantak
https://venturebeat.com/games/gamesbeat-summit-next-2022-dean-takahashis-metaverse-monologue/

A look at EY preparing clients for the metaverse
https://venturebeat.com/games/ernst-young-will-prepare-clients-for-the-metaverse-and-web3-with-virtual-experiences/

A look at Merit Circle burning $147M of its native tokens
https://www.theblock.co/post/179903/merit-circle-burning-147-million-of-native-tokens-to-get-it-over-with


👾 Game & Stats Releases 🎮
A look at Marvel Snap passing $2M in revenue and 5.3M downloads in one week
https://mobilegamer.biz/marvel-snap-has-passed-2m-revenue-and-5-3m-downloads-in-one-week/

A look at Overwatch 2 getting 46.5M hours watched in 1st week
https://streamhatchet.com/2022/10/20/overwatch-2-garners-46-5-million-hours-watched-in-first-week/