Look at Gaming #21 | Monday August 1st 2022


🔦 Spotlight 🌟
A look at Dean's take on how the game industry should deal with the recession
https://venturebeat.com/2022/07/29/the-deanbeat-how-should-the-game-industry-deal-with-the-recession/


🌊 MARKET ☎️
A look at PlayStation's revenue figures & business model
https://www.gamedeveloper.com/blogs/playstation-s-problem-third-party-royalties-or-ps-revenue-

A look at Sony's PlayStation 2022 sales forecast
https://www.axios.com/2022/07/29/sony-playstation-sales-forecast

A look at Activision Blizzard's financial earnings
https://venturebeat.com/2022/08/01/activision-blizzard-hits-financial-targets-with-q2-bookings-of-1-64b/

A look at Activision Blizzard losing 40M MAU
https://www.gamedeveloper.com/business/activision-blizzard-loses-monthly-average-users-still-beats-expectations

A look at Capcom's earnings.  Down bad.  -48% YoY.
https://naavik.co/digest/speed-bumps-in-the-console-market

A look at speed bumps in the console market by Naavik
https://naavik.co/digest/speed-bumps-in-the-console-market

A look at Epic Games & Steam getting banned in Indonesia
https://www.gamesindustry.biz/indonesia-blocks-valve-epic-games-and-more-for-failing-to-comply-with-new-regulations

A look at Dean's take on how the game industry should deal with the recession
https://venturebeat.com/2022/07/29/the-deanbeat-how-should-the-game-industry-deal-with-the-recession/


💎 Deep Dives 🔎
A look at Nike being the most prominent apparel brand among Twitch streamers. 
https://streamhatchet.com/2022/08/01/nike-is-the-most-prominent-apparel-brand-among-twitch-streamers/

A look at Gaming's $1B Gray Market by Konvoy
https://www.konvoy.vc/newsletter/gamings-gray-market


🌈 Platforms 🏔 
A look at Xsolla's Pay Station updates -- being the 'business engine' for games
https://venturebeat.com/2022/08/01/xsollas-pay-station-update-adds-web-shops-streamlined-payments-and-a-startup-accelerator/

A look at Google AdMob adding TikTok's ad network to their network.
https://www.gamesindustry.biz/google-admob-adds-pangle-as-a-bidding-partner-1

A look at how Apple's internal ad network by @eric_seufert 
https://mobiledevmemo.com/apple-robbed-the-mobs-bank-part-3/

A look at Sony not liking Microsoft's acquisition of Activision & CoD
https://www.gamedeveloper.com/business/sony-thoughts-on-microsoft-acquiring-activision

A look at Google Play's new guidelines for unexpected ads
https://www.gamedeveloper.com/business/new-guidelines-will-prohibit-google-play-devs-from-using-unexpected-advertising


✨ Web 3️⃣ + Meta 🌎
A look at @TheTreeverse by @Loopifyyy.  Very excited for this MMORPG.  Prolly on my top 3 list for sure.
https://twitter.com/Loopifyyy/status/1554183684714029059

A look at @Yugalabs by @Naavik_co
https://twitter.com/naavik_co/status/1554076477268041728

A look at @moonbirds nesting on @nifty_island
https://twitter.com/Nifty_Island/status/1554218706451853312


👾 Game & Stats Releases 🎮
A look at Riot's new fighting game: Project L
https://www.gamedeveloper.com/production/riot-fighting-game-project-l-details