Look at Gaming #97 | Tuesday November 15th 2022 

‼️ SPECIAL INSIGHTS 👀
powered by AppMagic.rocks 😎

We all know South Korea is one of the most gaming-forward nation in the world — and they're living up to that reputation as we recently saw NCSoft partnering with Sui and today Npixel is collaborating with Aptos.  So I wanted to dig into the Korean publisher market to see whats going on.  The top 5 publishers are NCSoft, 37Games, Netmarble, Kakao Games Corp., and Com2uS.  In total for 2022, they generated $3.06B with 122M downloads.  Comparing these figures to yesterday's Finnish publishers, we see that SK publishers know how to crank up that monetization or more likely SK gamers are wiling to simply spend more.  

My Dashboard:
https://appmagic.rocks/dashboards/63744e545122a??promoCode=6373c4af4d57f

(First Come, First Served.  The dashboard is available for the first few users.  Make sure you turn NOTIF on if you missed this one).


🔦 Spotlight 🌟
A look at the 2022 Revenues. Global rev $184B = $92B Mobile + $52B Console + $40B PC
https://www.axios.com/2022/11/15/global-video-game-market-decline-2022


🌊 MARKET ☎️
A look at the 2022 Revenues. Global rev $184B = $92B Mobile + $52B Console + $40B PC
https://www.axios.com/2022/11/15/global-video-game-market-decline-2022

A look at the Global Cloud Gaming 2022 report by @newzoohq
https://newzoo.com/insights/trend-reports/newzoo-global-cloud-gaming-report-2022-free-version

A look at Thunderful Q3 rev down 5% and profits down 76%
https://www.gamesindustry.biz/thunderful-q3-revenues-down-5-profits-down-76


🌈 Platforms 🏔 
A look at Mobalytics + Overwolf joining forces 
https://venturebeat.com/games/mobalytics-and-overwolf-join-forces-to-expand-competitive-features/

A look at Epic Games launching Unreal Engine 5.1
https://venturebeat.com/games/epic-games-launches-unreal-engine-5-1/

A look at Challengermode + PUBG partnering to fund amateur esports tournaments
https://www.pocketgamer.biz/news/80182/challengermode-and-pubg-partner-to-fund-amateur-esports-tournaments/

A look at Red Wing Shoes creating a Builders Program for builders to build virtual homes in Roblox, then building them IRL
https://venturebeat.com/games/red-wing-shoes-tries-to-get-more-kids-to-design-virtual-homes-in-roblox-that-can-eventually-become-real-homes/


✨ Web 3️⃣ + Meta 🌎
A look at gaming tokens in the Solana ecosystem
https://twitter.com/crypto/status/1592388785647816705

A look at Sony filing patent for NFT & blockchain tech
https://www.gamedeveloper.com/console/sony-files-patent-for-nfts-and-blockchain-technology

A look at Aptos partnering with Npixel (South Korean game studio)
https://venturebeat.com/games/aptos-partners-with-south-koreas-npixel-on-web3-gaming/

A look at how to choose a blockchain with @naavikco
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=laHgZnfH7kg&ab_channel=Naavik

A look at Polycade teaming up with Atari to launch web3 games + art
https://venturebeat.com/games/polycade-teams-up-with-atari-to-launch-web3-games-and-art-collaboration/



🧠 Knowledge Hub 📚
A look at the importance of player feedback from Candy Crush GM
https://www.pocketgamer.biz/interview/80186/todd-green-gm-of-candy-crush-at-king-on-the-importance-of-player-feedback-to-candy-crushs-decade-long-success/


💰 Fundraising 🧧
A look at Noodle Cat raising $4.1M
https://www.gamesindustry.biz/ex-epic-devs-raise-41m-for-new-studio-noodle-cat

A look at PlayEmber raising $2.3M
https://www.theblock.co/post/187055/shima-capital-backs-playembers-2-3-million-raise

A look at Yahaha raising $40M
https://mobilegamer.biz/new-metacore-games-incoming-as-merge-mansion-hits-135m-revenue-30m-installs/


👾 Game & Stats Releases 🎮
A look at Merge Mansion hitting $135M rev with 30M installs
https://mobilegamer.biz/new-metacore-games-incoming-as-merge-mansion-hits-135m-revenue-30m-installs/