Look at Gaming #37 | Tuesday August 23rd 2022


🔦 Spotlight 🌟
A look at Nike & Adidas making $185 and $10.9M, respectively from NFTs.  H/t to @nlevine19
https://twitter.com/nlevine19/status/1561554428791885824?s=20&t=DuiBC136HErjJuTfa0Quzw


🌊 MARKET ☎️
A look at the best and worst of Opening Night Live 
https://www.theverge.com/2022/8/23/23318869/gamescom-2022-trailers-announcements-opening-night-live


💎 Deep Dives 🔎 
A look at changes in the gaming industry by Andrew Brown CEO of Universally Speaking
https://venturebeat.com/games/andrew-brown-of-universally-speaking-on-the-gaming-industrys-changes/

A look at this game using TikTok to get 120M views + 60k Steam wishlists
https://www.gamedeveloper.com/blogs/this-game-used-tiktok-to-get-120m-views-60k-steam-wishlists-


🌈 Platforms 🏔 
A look at Dune getting an open-world MMO
https://www.gameinformer.com/gamescom-2022/2022/08/23/dune-is-getting-an-open-world-mmo

A look at the game Heads Up! coming to Netflix
https://www.theverge.com/2022/8/23/23317830/heads-up-gaming-app-is-coming-to-netflix

A look at Destiny 2 launching on Epic Games Store
https://www.gamesindustry.biz/destiny-2-launches-on-epic-games-store

A look at Twitch letting partners stream on YouTube & Facebook
https://www.theverge.com/2022/8/23/23317939/twitch-ends-partner-exclusivity-youtube-tiktok-facebook-gaming

A look at legal claims filed against Sony over 30% store cut
https://www.gamesindustry.biz/legal-claim-filed-against-sony-over-30-store-cut


✨ Web 3️⃣ + Meta 🌎
A look at Nike & Adidas making $185 and $10.9M, respectively from NFTs.  H/t to @nlevine19
https://twitter.com/Blockworks_/status/1561666150991335431

A look at what's next for Play-to-Earn Gaming Guilds by @naavik_co
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r9xYppVkvvU&ab_channel=Naavik


🧠 Knowledge Hub 📚
A look at 20 lessons from 20 years by industry icons, devs, and more
https://www.gamesindustry.biz/20-lessons-from-20-years

A look at GDC Masterclass returning
https://www.gamedeveloper.com/gdc/gdc-masterclass-returns-with-new-game-developer-classes-from-industry-experts


💰 Fundraising 🧧
A look at Something Wicked Games raising $13.2M
https://venturebeat.com/games/bethesda-veteran-jeff-gardiner-raises-13m-for-something-wicked-games-to-make-open-world-rpg/

A look at Solsten raising $22M
https://venturebeat.com/games/solsten-raises-22m-for-digital-experience-optimization-via-psychology/

A look at Ready Player Me raising $56M.  Congrats!!! @readyplayerme @timmotoke @tocelot 
https://venturebeat.com/games/ready-player-me-raises-56m-for-metaverse-avatars/

A look at Inworld AI raising $50M
https://venturebeat.com/game-development/inworld-ai-raises-50m-to-populate-games-and-the-metaverse-with-smart-characters/


👾 Game & Stats Releases 🎮
A look at Dead Island 2 letting you taunt zombies with your voice
https://www.theverge.com/2022/8/23/23318871/dead-island-2-amazon-alexa-voice-control-zombies

A look at Hideo Kojima's new podcast in September
https://www.theverge.com/2022/8/23/23318748/hideo-kojima-podcast-brain-structure-spotify-september-eight

A look at Settlers of Catan going AR!
https://www.theverge.com/2022/8/23/23318281/catan-tilt-five-ar-settlers-board-game-augmented-reality