Look at Gaming #69 | Thursday October 6th 2022 


🔦 Spotlight 🌟
A look at cloud gaming market on face to $2.4B in 2022
https://www.gamesindustry.biz/report-cloud-gaming-market-on-pace-to-generate-24bn-in-2022


🌊 MARKET ☎️
A look at cloud gaming market on face to $2.4B in 2022
https://www.gamesindustry.biz/report-cloud-gaming-market-on-pace-to-generate-24bn-in-2022

A look at GDC 2023 registration openning
https://www.gamedeveloper.com/gdc/registration-is-now-open-for-gdc-2023-grab-your-pass-now

A look at anti-social media lawsuits against Roblox & Discord
https://www.theverge.com/2022/10/6/23390796/roblox-discord-facebook-snapchat-social-media-lawsuits-addiction-child-abuse

A look at CDPR pointing to more mobile investment
https://www.pocketgamer.biz/news/79845/cdpr-point-to-further-mobile-investment-in-strategy-update/

A look at NVCA: US VC deals in Q3 weakening
https://venturebeat.com/games/nvca-u-s-venture-capital-deals-activity-weakened-in-q3/


💎 Deep Dives 🔎 
A look at intrinsic in-game ads earn 2x viewtime
https://www.pocketgamer.biz/news/79852/intrinsic-in-game-ads-earn-twice-as-much-viewtime-as-other-digital-channels/

A look at how Azur Games create a top three simulator game
https://www.pocketgamer.biz/news/79853/azur-games-on-how-it-created-a-top-three-simulator-game/

A look at Bandai Namco Mobile's CPO's take on the mobile space
https://www.pocketgamer.biz/interview/79847/bandai-namco-mobiles-cpo-on-the-mobile-gaming-industry/

A look at the rise and fall of Stadia
https://www.gamesindustry.biz/the-rise-and-fall-of-stadia


🌈 Platforms 🏔 
A look at Zynga pushing forward with season passes
https://www.pocketgamer.biz/news/79848/1385693/

A look at Hot Topic bringing goth fashion into Roblox
https://venturebeat.com/games/hot-topic-brings-goth-fashion-to-roblox/


✨ Web 3️⃣ + Meta 🌎
A look at big brands jumping into the $1T metaverse opportunity
https://venturebeat.com/metaverse/with-the-metaverse-opportunity-topping-1-trillion-its-time-for-brands-to-make-the-leap%ef%bf%bc/

A look at Joyride Wallet
https://venturebeat.com/games/joyride-announces-joyride-wallet/

A look at web3 games: do token model matter?  By the lovely @_calmdonut
https://www.theblockresearch.com/web3-games-does-token-model-matter-174354

A look at Matterverse getting 10 partners for its cloud metaverse platform
https://venturebeat.com/games/matterverse-snares-10-partners-for-its-cloud-metaverse-platform/


🧠 Knowledge Hub 📚
A look at crisis management for all creatives
https://www.gamedeveloper.com/marketing/a-crash-course-in-crisis-management-for-all-creatives-


💰 Fundraising 🧧
A look at Suberra raising $2.7M
https://www.theblock.co/post/175264/suberra-secures-us2-7m-to-make-web3-subscriptions-and-payments-seamless


👾 Game & Stats Releases 🎮
A look at Harry Potter mobile game amassing $1B in player spending
https://www.gamesindustry.biz/harry-potter-mobile-games-have-amassed-1bn-in-player-spending