Look at Gaming #61 | Monday September 26th 2022 


🔦 Spotlight 🌟
A look at Neal Stephenson (author of Snow Crash)'s blockchain startup's whitepaper
https://venturebeat.com/games/neal-stephensons-lamina1-drops-white-paper-on-building-the-open-metaverse/


🌊 MARKET ☎️
E3 to return in 2023, June 13-16
https://venturebeat.com/games/e3-returns-in-2023-on-june-13-16/

A look at Gamers' diverse taste but most play to escape
https://venturebeat.com/games/cta-gamers-have-diverse-tastes-but-most-play-to-escape/

A look at a 17-year-old arrested over GTA 6 Hack
https://www.gamesindustry.biz/17-year-old-reportedly-arrested-over-gta-6-hack


💎 Deep Dives 🔎 
A look at what genre PC gamers want
https://newsletter.gamediscover.co/p/what-genres-do-pc-gamers-want-and

A look at Marvel Games not being connected lik the MCU
https://www.gameinformer.com/2022/09/26/dont-expect-marvel-games-to-become-connected-like-the-mcu

A look at adapting in-game advs for privacy
https://www.gamesindustry.biz/adapting-in-game-advertising-for-a-privacy-centric-world

A look at Manticore Games by @naavik_co
https://naavik.co/digest/a-spotlight-on-manticore-games

A look at the gentle evolution of Hypercasual
https://www.pocketgamer.biz/comment-and-opinion/79716/understanding-hybrid-casuals-gentle-revolution/


🌈 Platforms 🏔 
A look at Netflix launching a new studio (this is their 4th)
https://www.gamesindustry.biz/netflix-launches-new-studio-in-finland

A look at if Roblox can Age-Up?  By Konvoy Ventures
https://www.konvoy.vc/newsletter/can-roblox-age-up

A look at better data and charts from Valve's Steam
https://www.gamedeveloper.com/business/valve-rethinks-steam-stats-with-new-real-time-and-weekly-steam-charts



✨ Web 3️⃣ + Meta 🌎
A look at Walmart's new Roblox metaverse.  Walmart Land & Walmart's Universe of Play
https://www.theblock.co/post/172853/walmarts-new-roblox-metaverse-tells-kids-where-to-find-all-the-best-toys

A look at Jensen Huang's Q&A with GamesBeat
https://venturebeat.com/games/jensen-huang-qa-why-moores-law-is-dead-and-smart-design-is-replacing-it/

A look at unpacking ApeCoin developments
https://www.theblockresearch.com/unpacking-recent-apecoin-developments-172489

A look at Neal Stephenson (author of Snow Crash)'s blockchain startup's whitepaper
https://venturebeat.com/games/neal-stephensons-lamina1-drops-white-paper-on-building-the-open-metaverse/


💰 Fundraising 🧧
A look at Hadean raising $30M
https://venturebeat.com/games/hadean-raises-30m-to-create-infrastructure-for-the-metaverse/


👾 Game & Stats Releases 🎮
A look at HBO's The Last Of Us' trailer
https://www.gameinformer.com/2022/09/26/hbos-the-last-of-us-gets-its-first-teaser-trailer

A look at Mario Kart Tour steering towards $300M in rev after 3-year anniversary
https://www.pocketgamer.biz/news/79724/mario-kart-tour-steers-towards-300-million-revenue-as-it-celebrates-third-anniversary/

A look at Genshin Impact passing $3.6B in nearly 2 years
https://www.pocketgamer.biz/news/79705/genshin-impact-surpasses-36-billion-revenue-ahead-of-second-anniversary/