Look at Gaming #63 | Wednesday September 28th 2022 

🔦 Spotlight 🌟
A look at the Xbox Game Pass reach
https://newsletter.gamediscover.co/p/xbox-game-pass-titles-in-2022-whats


🌊 MARKET ☎️
A look at Newzoo's report on Gen Alpha & Gen Z future of gaming
https://newzoo.com/insights/trend-reports/gen-alpha-gen-z-the-future-of-gaming-free-report

A look at Konvoy Game Industry Landscape
https://www.konvoy.vc/newsletter/konvoy-game-industry-landscape-updated-september-2022


💎 Deep Dives 🔎 
A look at how mobile games are helping podcast listening numbers
https://www.gamedeveloper.com/mobile/free-mobile-games-are-helping-juice-podcast-listening-numbers

A look at mobile games publishers' need to transform
https://www.gamesindustry.biz/mobile-games-publishers-need-a-transformation-before-its-too-late

A look at Casino games growing popular w/ Data.AI report
https://venturebeat.com/games/casino-games-growing-in-popularity-according-to-data-ai-report/

A look at Coin Master $3B game
https://mobilegamer.biz/coin-master-is-the-3bn-game-no-one-seems-to-talk-about/

A look at SKADNetwork 4.0 by Eric Seufert
https://mobiledevmemo.com/what-problems-with-skadnetwork-4-0-solve/


🌈 Platforms 🏔 
A look at PlayStation's new loyalty program 
https://www.theverge.com/2022/9/28/23377398/playstation-stars-loyalty-rewards-program-launch-us-americas-asia-europe-australia

A look at the state of Steam in China
https://www.gamesindustry.biz/the-fragile-state-of-steam-in-mainland-china-and-why-its-important-opinion

A look at the Xbox Game Pass reach
https://newsletter.gamediscover.co/p/xbox-game-pass-titles-in-2022-whats

A look at Netflix gamertag.  Grab yours today.
https://www.theverge.com/2022/9/27/23375319/netflix-games-gamertag-username-handle-ios-android

A look at Verizon teasing a 5G gaming handheld built by Razer
https://www.theverge.com/2022/9/28/23376850/verizon-5g-edge-gaming-handheld-razer-qualcomm-tease-home-router
 

✨ Web 3️⃣ + Meta 🌎
A look at Mythical Games launching Blankos Block Party on Epic Games Store
https://www.theblock.co/post/173526/metaverse-unicorn-mythical-games-hopes-to-lure-mainstream-gamers-to-its-party

A look at XPLA and Xterio teaming up 
https://venturebeat.com/games/xpla-and-xterio-are-teaming-up/

A look at crypto games shifting from P2E with Axie Infinity founder Jiho
https://www.theblock.co/post/173137/crypto-games-are-moving-away-from-play-to-earn-to-build-robust-digital-economies


💰 Fundraising 🧧
A look at Well-Link raising $40M
https://www.pocketgamer.biz/news/79768/graphics-as-a-service-service-provider-well-link-raises-additional-40-million-of-funding/


👾 Game & Stats Releases 🎮
A look at Overwatch 2 to potentially include crossover Ips
https://www.gamedeveloper.com/business/blizzard-interested-in-i-overwatch-2-i-having-i-fortnite-i--esque-crossovers

A look at Cyberpunk 2077 topping 20 million sales in 2 years
https://www.gamedeveloper.com/business/cyberpunk-2077-has-topped-20-million-sales-in-under-two-years

A look at Pokemon Go reaching $4.5B lifetime revenue
https://www.pocketgamer.biz/asia/news/79771/pokmon-go-reaches-46bn-in-lifetime-revenue/