Look at Gaming #51 | Monday September 12th 2022


üî¶ Spotlight üåü
A look at Square Enix becoming a validator on Oasys
https://venturebeat.com/games/square-enix-becomes-a-validator-for-blockchain-gaming-firm-oasys/


üåä MARKET ‚òéÔ∏è
A look at Mercedes-Benz extending esports commitment with Riot Games
https://venturebeat.com/games/mercedes-benz-extends-esports-commitment-with-riot-games/

A look at Zynga finalizing purchase of Storemaven
https://www.gamesindustry.biz/zynga-finalizes-purchase-of-storemaven

A look at 74% of consumers use mobile ads to discover new apps
https://www.pocketgamer.biz/news/79603/74-of-consumers-use-mobile-ads-to-discover-new-apps/


üíé Deep Dives üîé 
A look at The Riftbreaker's bruteforcing DLC to success
https://newsletter.gamediscover.co/p/case-study-muscling-the-riftbreakers

A look at Android puling ahead
https://www.konvoy.vc/newsletter/android-is-pulling-ahead

A look at Black Desert surpassing 50M registered players
https://www.pocketgamer.biz/asia/news/79602/black-desert-surpasses-50-million-registered-players/

A look at making money in mobile games.  State of IAP
https://www.pocketgamer.biz/asia/data-and-research/79486/survey-making-money-in-mobile-games/

A look at App Store Optimization's role in User Acquisition
https://www.pocketgamer.biz/asia/comment-and-opinion/79588/app-store-optimisations-increasing-role-in-user-acquisition/

A look at how iteration transformed Survivor.io into the game it is today
https://www.pocketgamer.biz/feature/79592/how-innovation-and-iteration-has-transformed-survivorio/


üåà Platforms üèî 
A look at Fortnite Creative + Unreal Engine 5
https://naavik.co/digest/fortnite-creative-meet-unreal-engine-five

A look at Sony announcing its State of Play on 9/13
https://venturebeat.com/games/sony-announces-state-of-play-for-september-13/

A look at Unity + IronSource announcing the vote-in date
https://www.pocketgamer.biz/asia/news/79607/unity-announce-date-for-stockholders-vote-on-ironsource-merger/

A look at Assasin's Creed future.  It's turning into a service more than a game
https://www.gamedeveloper.com/business/assassin-s-creed-infinity-looks-to-be-service-platform-not-a-game

A look at Nintendo announcing its Direct showcase for 9/13
https://www.theverge.com/2022/9/12/23348876/nintendo-direct-showcase-date-time-games-breath-of-the-wild

A look at Netflix striking a deal with Ubisoft for 3 exclusives
https://www.gamedeveloper.com/mobile/netflix-strikes-deal-with-ubisoft-for-three-exclusive-games

A look at ReedPop launching a new audience targeting platform
https://www.gamesindustry.biz/reedpop-launches-new-engage-data-platform

A look at Roblox Developer Conference 2022
https://www.pocketgamer.biz/news/79595/rdc-2022-new-look-roblox-showcased-teases-plans-for-metaverse-future/


‚ú® Web 3Ô∏è‚É£ + Meta üåé
A look at Cofounder of Rockstar Games advising Revolving Games
https://www.gamedeveloper.com/business/rockstar-games-dan-houser-joins-blockchain-developer-s-advisory-board

A look at NFT & Gaming firms increasing 66% in funding in August
https://www.theblock.co/post/169362/nft-and-gaming-firms-saw-a-66-jump-in-venture-funding-in-august

A look at Square Enix becoming a validator on Oasys
https://venturebeat.com/games/square-enix-becomes-a-validator-for-blockchain-gaming-firm-oasys/

A look at the Head of Gamestop's Blockchain division leaving the company
https://www.theblock.co/post/169292/gamestops-head-of-blockchain-departs-company

A look at Polygon collabing with Starbucks
https://www.theblock.co/post/169195/polygon-chosen-for-starbucks-web3-odyssey

A look at Sky Mavis $2.4M esports grant 
https://venturebeat.com/games/sky-mavis-announces-2-4m-esports-grant-for-axie-infinity/